PREVIOUSLY ON
"MELISSA & JOEY"...
Joe: MY GRANDMOTHER
SOFIA IS FAILING
AND ALL SHE WANTS IS TO SEE
ME AND TIFFANY TOGETHER.
WHY DOES SHE WANT TO
SEE YOUR EX-WIFE?
I NEVER TOLD HER THAT
WE GOT DIVORCED.
OF COURSE I'M COMING, NONA!
YOU... YOU'RE CHECKING...
IT'S REALLY YOU! HI, TIFFANY!
I NEED YOU TO KILL A RAT.
YOU MEAN MURDER?
I KNOW WHERE SHE OUGHTA
PUT HER TWO LIPS.
- RIGHT HERE.
- LEAVE ME ALONE.
THAT SOUNDED PRETTY
CLEAR TO ME, FELLAS.
- WHAT IS THIS?
- THE RABBIT'S BREW HAS PRODUCED
17 MARRIAGES AND 80 CHILDREN.
IT'S A LOVE POTION.
"MELISSA & JOEY" IS RECORDED IN
FRONT OF A LIVE STUDIO AUDIENCE.
- ( coughs )
- NONA. DUDE.
THAT WAS THE BEST
99th BIRTHDAY PARTY
I'VE EVER BEEN TO.
THE BEST PART IS SEEING THE
FLAME OF LOVE GLOW AGAIN
- BETWEEN MY JOEY AND HIS TIFFANY.
- ( chuckles )
THAT'S WHO WE ARE,
ESPECIALLY ME.
( laughs ) DON'T OVERSELL,
TIFFANY, ALL RIGHT?
- I CAN TAKE IT FROM HERE, NONA.
- I BET YOU CAN.
( both chuckle )
I LEFT YOU A LITTLE NIGHTCAP...
THE RABBIT'S BREW.
WELL, HOP TO IT.
ISN'T SHE ADORABLE?
I MEAN, YOU HAVE AN
ADORABLE GRANDMOTHER.
YOU KNOW, I JUST WANNA...
I JUST WANNA
PUT HER IN MY PURSE AND
TAKE HER HOME WITH ME.
AND THEN WHEN I GO
OUT WITH MY FRIENDS,
I CAN TAKE HER OUT AND
SAY, "NONA IN YOUR FACE!"
WHOA WHOA, MEL, NO WAY. I'M
ALREADY WAY OVER MY LIMIT.
- I'M JUST HAPPY THEY DIDN'T HAVE A SOBRIETY CHECKPOINT...
- ( sloshes )
- ...AT THE BOTTOM OF THE STAIRS.
- ( laughs )
YOU ARE SO FUNNY, JOE.
YOU KNOW, I DON'T
TELL YOU THAT ENOUGH,
SO LET ME TELL YOU AGAIN.
- OKAY.
- YOU...
- YEAH?
- ...ARE SO FUNNY...
JOE.
( both laugh )
HEY, MEL, MEL, LISTEN TO ME.
LISTEN, I'MA TELL YOU SOMETHING
VERY IMPORTANT, ALL RIGHT?
I WANT YOU TO PUT DOWN THE
BED AND GET TO DRINK, OKAY?
- ( mutters )
- HERE'S WHAT I MEANT.
I MEANT PUT DOWN THE BED AND
GET TO DRINK, ALL RIGHT?
- YOU NAILED IT THAT TIME.
- I DID NAIL IT.
TELL YOU WHAT I'MA DO.
I'M GONNA GO BUNK
- IN THE SPARE ROOM TONIGHT, ALL RIGHT?
- OKAY.
- OKAY. NIGHT.
- NIGHT.
( rattles )
THIS DOOR'S LOCKED.
WHY-WHY-WHY... WHY
IS THIS DOOR LOCKED?
YOUR GRANDMOTHER LOCKED US IN!
OH, YOU KNOW WHY?
'CAUSE SHE WANTS US TO SPEND
THE NIGHT TOGETHER TONIGHT,
- LIKE WABBITS.
- ( both laughing )
IT'S WABBIT SEASON FOR
JOEY AND TIFFANY.
OH, YES, YOU'RE VEWY WIGHT.
- 'CAUSE I'M.. ♪ TIFFANY ♪
- YES, YOU ARE.
- AND YOU'RE JOEJOEBEE.
- I AM.
MY SWEET SWEET JOEJOEBEE.
YES YES, THAT'S ME.
WOW, THAT FEELS SO GOOD. YOU KNOW THAT?
OH MY GOODNESS.
HEY, MEL, YOU KNOW YOU'RE SO SWEET
FOR COMING WITH ME THIS WEEKEND.
SERIOUSLY. I MEAN, EVERYBODY
WAS SO HAPPY TO SEE YOU.
- ( chuckles )
- YOU KNOW THAT?
NOBODY MORE THAN
JOEJOEBEE, THOUGH.
- HMM.
- OKAY?
I'M SO GLAD I DID.
( thuds )
AH.
( speaks Italian )
OOH. ( laughing )
( theme music playing )
- ♪ IT'S ALL GOOD ♪
- ♪ All good ♪
- ♪ IT'S OKAY ♪
- ♪ Okay ♪
- ♪ IT'S ALL RIGHT ♪
- ♪ All right ♪
♪ AS FAR AS I CAN SEE ♪
- ♪ IT'S ALL GOOD ♪
- ♪ All good ♪
- ♪ IT'S OKAY ♪
- ♪ Okay ♪
- ♪ IT'S ALL RIGHT ♪
- ♪ All right ♪
♪ I GUESS YOU'RE STUCK ♪
♪ WITH ME ♪
MAMA GLORIA, I... I
CAN'T MURDER THIS GUY,
- EVEN IF HE'S STEALING FROM YOU.
- ( crickets chirping )
OH MY GOD.
SHE'S GONNA HAVE TO KILL ME
TOO, 'CAUSE I KNOW TOO MUCH.
( floorboard creaks )
OH!
- YOU'LL NEED THIS.
- A SHOVEL?
WHAT, I GOTTA BURY HIM TOO NOW?
WELL, HE'S TOO BIG TO FLUSH.
MAMA GLORIA, I... I
CAN'T KILL A MAN.
I'M SORRY, I JUST CAN'T.
A MAN? I WANT YOU TO KILL A RAT!
YOU KNOW... ( mimics rat )
WHEN YOU SAID A RAT, I
THOUGHT YOU MEANT A WISEGUY
WHO SANG TO THE COPS.
WHAT ARE YOU, IN A
SCORSESE MOVIE?
NOW LOOK, WHEN YOU SEE THE RAT,
TWO TO THE BACK OF THE HEAD...
BAM BAM.
I KNOW YOU WON'T LET ME DOWN.
( mouths )
- ( breathes deeply )
- ( distant barking )
SO, MISS OHIO,
GOTTA SAY I REALLY ENJOYED
BEING WITH YOU TONIGHT.
ME TOO, BUT YOU DO REMEMBER
THAT I'M LEAVING TOMORROW,
- SO YOU AND I CAN'T...
- LET US NOT SPEAK OF TOMORROW.
( chuckles )
- ( switch clicks )
- ( gasps )
HEY THERE.
LOOKS LIKE YOU GOT YOURSELF A...
SITUATION.
DOESN'T SEEM LIKE HE'S
UP TO YOUR USUAL...
INTELLECTUAL STANDARDS, THOUGH.
I KNOW. IT'S SO RELAXING.
IT'S A GOOD THING YOU
AND ZANDER ARE ON A...
- WHAT'D YOU CALL IT AGAIN?
- A PAUSE!
- A PAUSE, YEAH.
- IT'S A REAL THING.
TAYLOR SWIFT DOES
IT ALL THE TIME.
OH BOY.
( whispers ) GO BACK TO SLEEP.
BACK TO SLEEP.
BACK TO SLEEP. ( chuckles )
( moans ) GOOD MORNING, JOE.
MORNING THERE, MEL.
- ( thuds )
- OH, I HAD THE STRANGEST DREAM.
I DON'T EVEN WANNA TELL YOU ABOUT IT.
IT'S TOO INAPPROPRIATE.
MIGHT'VE HAD THE SAME DREAM.
WAIT. WHOA.
YOU AND I?!
YEAH, YOU AND I.
THE WHOLE THING?!
LIKE FROM... FROM THE
EARTH TO THE MOON?
ALL THE WAY.
THE EAGLE'S LANDED.
WE HAVE TO MAKE A PACT, OKAY?
WHAT... WHAT HAPPENED
LAST NIGHT DIES WITH US.
OKAY, NOBODY CAN EVER FIND OUT.
- JOEY, BREAKFAST!
- OH MY GOD. ( gasps )
WHOA.
MOM! AFTER ALL THESE YEARS,
YOU STILL DON'T KNOCK FIRST?!
MEL BURKE, WHEN YOU
COMMIT TO A PART,
YOU GO ALL THE WAY!
NO, IT'S NOT WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE.
IT NEVER IS.
BUT DON'T WORRY. NO
ONE WILL KNOW BUT ME.
( slams, locks )
WHAT THE HELL?!
THEY DID IT.
SHE SAW NOTHING.
SO I CORNERED THE
LITTLE GUY, LIKE A RAT.
I GUESS THAT'S WHY
THEY SAY THAT.
BUT IN THE END, IT WAS
EITHER ME OR HIM.
I HAD THE SHOVEL.
EXTRA PEPPERS AND
EGGS FOR THIS ONE.
MY BOY BECAME A MAN LAST NIGHT.
JOEY IS VERY QUIET THIS MORNING.
MAYBE HE DIDN'T GET
SO MUCH SLEEP.
GOOD MORNING, NONA.
( mimics kissing )
GLORIA, SO GOOD TO SEE YOU
TODAY FOR THE VERY FIRST TIME.
- JOEJOEBEE.
- TIFFYPOP.
HEY, HOW ABOUT LAST NIGHT? DID
YOU HEAR THOSE TWO GOING AT IT?
LIKE HUMAN JACKHAMMERS.
I THOUGHT IT'D NEVER STOP.
( whispering ) WHY'D YOU
HAVE TO BE SO LOUD, HUH?
WHY'D YOU HAVE TO BE SO GOOD?
THE WHOLE HOUSE SHOOK.
BANG BANG BANG.
WE GET IT. WE GET IT.
( chuckles )
WHAT? WAS I THE ONLY
ONE THAT HEARD IT?
THE PASCARELLI BROTHERS
GOT INTO A FISTFIGHT
AND KNOCKED OVER ALL
THE TRASH CANS.
OH! TRASH CANS. RIGHT, YEAH.
BANG BANG.
- YEAH, WHAT'D YOU THINK?
- NOTHING.
NOBODY SHOULD THINK ANYTHING.
PEOPLE SHOULD JUST EAT.
ALL RIGHT? AND APPRECIATE
HOW GREAT LAST NIGHT WAS.
NONA'S BIRTHDAY PARTY.
YUP, 'CAUSE THAT'S THE
ONLY THING THAT HAPPENED.
- ( Joey chuckles )
- ALL NIGHT.
( laughs )
HEY, VINNIE, THAT WAS A HELL
OF A PARTY LAST NIGHT, RIGHT?
- SAL, WASSUP? HOW YOU DOIN'?
- STOP PLAYING WITH YOUR FRIENDS.
THERE ARE BIGGER THINGS GOING
ON RIGHT NOW. COME ON.
LAST NIGHT, AUNT MEL SLEPT
OVER IN JOE'S ROOM,
AND I MEAN LIKE
REALLY SLEPT OVER.
COME ON, THAT MAKES NO SENSE.
THEY'RE ALWAYS FIGHTING.
WELL, YEAH, BUT SOMETIMES
FIGHTING IS A KIND OF ATTRACTION.
HAVEN'T YOU NOTICED
WHAT'S BEEN GOING ON
BETWEEN JOE AND AUNT MEL
FOR THE LAST THREE YEARS?
- NO.
- WE'VE BEEN LIVING IN A HOUSE
PERMEATED BY SEXUAL
TENSION AND FRUSTRATION.
I THOUGHT THAT WAS JUST ME.
HEY, MEL, LOOK, WE HAVE SOME
IMPORTANT THINGS TO TALK ABOUT.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I WAS THINKING IF WE
LEAVE BEFORE 3:00 P.M.,
WE CAN MISS ALL THE SUNDAY
AFTERNOON TRAFFIC ON THE TURNPIKE.
THAT'S WHAT YOU WANNA TALK ABOUT?
TURNPIKE TRAFFIC?
WHAT ABOUT YOU AND ME, WHAT
HAPPENED IN HERE LAST NIGHT?
YOU KNOW, FROM THE
EARTH TO THE MOON.
YOU KNOW WHAT? I WAS
THINKING ABOUT THAT, TOO.
WE DIDN'T DO ANYTHING.
WE WEREN'T EVEN THERE.
OH, YOU WERE THERE.
I MEAN, I WAS THERE, TOO.
( chuckles )
I... I WAS JUST A LITTLE HIGHER.
NO NO NO NO NO. YOU
AND I WERE NOT THERE.
JOEJOEBEE AND
TIFFANY WERE THERE.
- MEL, PLEASE WILL YOU STOP...
- NO, TIFFANY.
I HAVE TO BE TIFFANY AND FOOL YOUR
GRANDMOTHER FOR TWO MORE HOURS.
HEY, JOEY... AND TIFFANY,
NONA WANTS TO SEE EVERYONE
IN THE LIVING ROOM...
AN ANNOUNCEMENT OR SOMETHING.
YOU GUYS BUSY?
ACTUALLY, WE WERE RIGHT IN THE
MIDDLE OF TALKING ABOUT...
NOT AT ALL! HERE COMES TIFFANY!
TRAMP, SLUT, TRAMP,
SLUT, TRAMP, SLUT...
AS WONDERFUL AS THAT
BIRTHDAY PARTY WAS,
IT WAS PROBABLY MY LAST.
- ( all murmur disagreement )
- NO NO NO NO NO, ONE DAY SOON
I'LL BE LAID OUT
HERE IN THIS PARLOR
WITH NICE MAKEUP ON.
NOT TOO MUCH, GLORIA. I
DON'T WANT TO LOOK CHEAP.
NOW I WANNA TELL YOU
WHAT I'M LEAVING
EACH OF YOU, OKAY?
FIRST OF ALL, TO MY HANDSOME
GREAT-GRANDSON MARCO,
MY LATE HUSBAND
ALFREDO'S COLLECTION
OF RISQUE PLAYING CARDS.
AND... I'VE NEVER REVEALED
THIS TO ANYONE...
I AM THE QUEEN OF HEARTS.
( murmur )
NONA... NOT BAD.
MORE LIKE THE QUEEN
OF HEARTBREAKERS.
AND FOR MY GRANDNIECE ROSALIE...
SO THAT'S WHY I DON'T WANT YOU
TO BE PLANNING THE REST
OF YOUR LIFE AROUND ME.
WE COME FROM TWO DIFFERENT
WORLDS AND I'M LEAVING TODAY,
SO JUST DON'T FALL
IN LOVE WITH ME.
HELLO. COULD YOU LOOK THIS WAY?
GOT IT, GOT IT. NO FUTURE HERE.
BUT LISTEN, COULD YOU
GIVE ME A GOODBYE KISS?
A BIG ONE? AND...
FACE THIS DIRECTION.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- NOTHING. IT JUST OVER HERE
THE SUN MAKES YOUR
HAIR LOOK JEALOUS...
I MEAN NICE.
THAT GIRL ON THE FIRE
ESCAPE IS STARING AT US.
THAT'S MY GIRLFRIEND SHEILA...
WELL, EX-GIRLFRIEND.
WE'RE IN A GREY AREA.
SHE CALLED IT A...
- A PAUSE?
- I KNEW IT WAS A FANCY WORD.
SO I WAS THINKING IF I HUNG OUT
WITH THE PRETTY OUT-OF-TOWN GIRL,
I COULD KIND OF UNPAUSE THINGS,
GET SHEILA BACK IN THE MARCO
BUSINESS IN A BIG WAY.
I CANNOT BELIEVE YOU
WERE JUST USING ME
TO RE-INTEREST YOUR GIRLFRIEND.
- WELL, YOU WERE USING ME TOO, RIGHT?
- WELL, YEAH,
BUT I DID IT FOR...
CULTURAL RESEARCH.
OKAY, FINE, ONE KISS, BUT
BOTH HANDS ABOVE THE WAIST.
( phone buzzes )
IT'S SHEILA. SHE'S
COMING DOWN HERE.
YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO WHEN A GIRL
GRABS YOU BY THE HAIR, RIGHT?
TO MY BELOVED
GRANDDAUGHTER THERESA
WHO HAS ALWAYS BEEN AT MY SIDE,
I LEAVE YOU MY 1984
CHEVROLET IMPALA.
ENJOY THERE, THERESE.
YOU DON'T SEE A LOT OF
THOSE ON THE ROAD ANYMORE.
THAT'S IT? THAT CAR DOESN'T
EVEN HAVE REVERSE.
NOW TO MY GRANDSON JOEY
AND HIS CURVY SPOSA TIFFANY.
NOW THAT YOUR LOVE
HAS BEEN REKINDLED,
YOU'RE GONNA NEED A NEST FOR THIS
FAMILY THAT'S SURE TO COME...
A HOUSE IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD.
MY HOUSE.
THE HOUSE THAT THERESA
IS HOUSE-SITTING.
WHOA WHOA WHOA, OLD WOMAN. YOU
MEAN THE PLACE WHERE ME AND ANGELO
HAVE LIVED FOR THE
PAST SIX YEARS?
THE HOUSE WE'VE REMODELED
WITH OUR BLOOD AND OUR SWEAT?
THAT'S THE ONE. ENJOY.
HOLD ON, DO YOU WANNA KNOW SOMETHING
ABOUT CURVY TIFFANY HERE?
HEY, YO, THERESA,
IT'S A BAD TIME.
SHE IS NOT WHO YOU THINK SHE IS.
EITHER YOU TELL HER OR I WILL.
- IS THIS TRUE?
- ( sighs )
HEY HEY, YO YO, DON'T TOUCH...
AH!
IT'S TRUE. I'M NOT THE
WOMAN YOU THINK I AM.
NONE OF US ARE. I COLOR MY HAIR.
NO. NO, THIS IS NOT THE
WOMAN THAT JOEY MARRIED.
- THE TRUTH IS...
- THE TRUTH... I ACTUALLY FORGOT TO TELL YOU SOMETHING.
( whispers ) YOU CAN HAVE
THE HOUSE, ALL RIGHT?
I DON'T WANT THE DAMN HOUSE.
SO NICE TO SEE TIFFANY
HERE, ISN'T IT?
ONE LAST THING YOU
MUST PROMISE ME:
YOU TWO WILL STAY
TOGETHER FOREVER.
WELL, NONA, SEE,
FOREVER... IT'S
SUCH A LONG TIME.
- PROMISE ME!
- WELL, BUT... BUT SEE...
YES. YES, NONA. OF COURSE
WE'LL ALWAYS STAY TOGETHER.
OH. NOW I CAN DIE HAPPY.
( laughs )
OH MY GOD. IS SHE...?
SHE'S GONE.
THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL.
THIS WOMAN KNEW HOW
TO PICK A MOMENT.
YOU KNOW WHAT NONA
WOULD WANT RIGHT NOW?
- MUSIC.
- ( folk music playing )
YOU KNOW WHAT YOU JUST SAID?
WELL, IT DIDN'T MEAN ANYTHING.
YOU JUST MADE A
DEATHBED PROMISE.
IN THIS FAMILY, THAT IS SACRED.
OH.
SURE, NOW YOU TELL ME.
- ( sighs )
- SO, MEL,
WHEN YOU JUST SWORE TO NONA THAT
WE WOULD BE TOGETHER FOREVER,
- DID YOU MEAN THAT?
- NO!
IT WAS AN UNCOMFORTABLE MOMENT. I
WAS MAKING LIGHT CONVERSATION.
A DEATHBED PROMISE IS
NOT LIGHT CONVERSATION!
WHY ARE YOU GETTING SO UPSET? IT
WAS TIFFANY WHO MADE THE PROMISE.
AND NOW I KNOW WHY
YOU DIVORCED HER,
'CAUSE THAT WOMAN IS
NOTHING BUT TROUBLE.
IT WASN'T TIFFANY IN THE BEDROOM
LAST NIGHT, MEL, IT WAS YOU AND ME.
( stammers ) YOU KNOW, I'M
THINKING THAT MAYBE...
MAYBE YOU AND ME IS NOT
SUCH A CRAZY IDEA.
I THINK THAT DEFINES
"CRAZY IDEA."
I MEAN, AFTER ALL THIS
TIME, DON'T WE...
DON'T WE OWE IT TO OURSELVES TO
AT LEAST GIVE THIS THING A SHOT?
LOOK, JOE, MY HISTORY
WITH MEN HAS BEEN...
TO PUT THE BEST POSSIBLE FACE ON IT...
DISASTROUS.
HEY, BEFORE YOU KNEW ME,
I WAS ENGAGED, AND THAT BLEW UP.
AND THEN, WELL, YOU
REMEMBER GEORGE.
YEAH, THE GUY WHO WAS 10
YEARS YOUNGER THAN YOU.
FIVE. EIGHT. WHAT
AM I, UNDER OATH?
THEN OF COURSE, THERE WAS
AUSTIN WHO WAS PERFECT FOR YOU
EXCEPT FOR THE FACT THAT
HE HAD A VASECTOMY.
THE TOPIC WAS YOUR
FAILED RELATIONSHIPS.
- I WAS HELPING YOU OUT!
- SEE, WE ALWAYS DO THIS.
- WE TURN EVERYTHING INTO AN ARGUMENT.
- WE DO NOT!
OKAY, THIS COULD NEVER WORK!
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'VE GOTTA CATCH THE NEXT
FLIGHT BACK TO TOLEDO.
I HAVE MEETINGS. YOU HAVE
A LOT OF FAMILY BUSINESS
TO DEAL WITH NOW
THAT NONA'S GONE.
- YOU'RE RUNNING AWAY, MEL.
- I AM NOT!
( gasps ) LOOK, PASTA.
MY MAN, VANILLA ICE.
YOU ALWAYS KNEW THE LADIES.
YOU COULD TELL ME WHAT TO DO.
( knocks )
JOEY, WHAT'S GOING ON?!
I HEARD MEL TOOK A
CAB TO THE AIRPORT.
I THOUGHT SOMETHING HAPPENED
BETWEEN THE TWO OF YOU.
SO DID I, MA, BUT SHE DIDN'T.
I'M JUST GONNA STAY HERE
WITH YOU FOR A WHILE
- HELP YOU PLAN NONA'S FUNERAL.
- SPOILER ALERT!
SHE WINDS UP IN A
BOX IN THE GROUND.
HEY, THAT'S NONA
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
AND SHE WOULD WANT
YOU TO LIVE LIFE,
TO GO AFTER YOUR GIRLFRIEND.
NOW GET UP OFF THAT BED AND GO!
SHE'S NOT MY GIRLFRIEND, MOM.
I TOLD YOU WE GOT NO FUTURE.
- I THINK YOU DO!
- BUT ALL WE DO IS FIGHT!
FIGHTING? THAT'S
ITALIAN FOR LOVE!
HEY, MA, WHY YOU GIVING ME
SUCH A HARD TIME RIGHT NOW?!
BECAUSE I LOVE YOU.
YEAH, I LOVE YOU TOO!
YOU SEE HOW WE'RE TALKING?
THIS IS LOVE!
NOW GO AFTER HER BEFORE
I REALLY GET MAD.
THAT'S WHAT VANILLA
ICE WOULD DO.
YOU KNOW WHAT, MA? YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'M GONNA DO IT!
NOW GIMME A HUG.
NOW! GO!
- THERE'S LIKE 75 SANDWICHES IN HERE...
- ( car honking )
...AND A QUART OF OLIVES.
MOM DIDN'T WANT US TO HAVE
TO STOP FOR ANYTHING.
DID SHE ALSO TELL YOU TO
DRIVE 190 MILES PER HOUR?
WE MIGHT BEAT AUNT MEL HOME.
IT'S GONNA BE CLOSE.
( sighs ) IT'S ALMOST LIKE...
YOU'RE CHASING HER.
- ( rustling )
- WHAT'S THAT BOX DOING,
SITTING IN YOUR BROTHER'S
LAP BACK THERE?
- DON'T CHANGE THE SUBJECT.
- WELL, NORMALLY I WOULDN'T,
BUT THE... BOX IS MOVING.
- ( squeaking )
- OH! IT'S THE RAT!
HE SAID HE KILLED IT!
WHAT? WHAT? WE HOME?
WHO'S YOUR FRIEND THERE, BUDDY?
YEAH, THAT'S JUST...
THAT'S CANNOLI.
I WAS SUPPOSED TO KILL HIM FOR
MAMA GLORIA, BUT I DIDN'T.
SO NOW HE'S IN THE RODENT
PROTECTION PROGRAM.
EWW EWW EWW! THROW
HIM OUT THE WINDOW.
EASE UP, OKAY? CANNOLI HERE
HAS BEEN THROUGH A LOT.
SO I'M GUESSING IF I ASK
YOU ABOUT AUNT MEL,
YOU'RE JUST GOING TO DUCK, DODGE
AND NOT TELL ME ANYTHING, RIGHT?
( sighs )
ALL RIGHT, FINE,
DON'T TALK ABOUT IT.
I WON'T MENTION IT AGAIN.
OKAY, HERE IT IS.
I THINK WE BOTH KNOW
IT'S KIND OF RIDICULOUS
THAT WE'RE ALL STILL PLAYING
ALONG WITH THIS WHOLE,
YOU KNOW, I-NEED-TO-BE-
YOUR-NANNY STORY.
I MEAN, YOU'RE ALMOST IN COLLEGE
AND RYDER'S, WHAT,
IN 14th GRADE NOW?
I DON'T SEE WHY THERE'S ANY
REASON WHY YOUR AUNT AND I...
CAN'T GO FOR THIS THING.
ARE YOU SAYING YOU LIKE HER?
YES.
YES, I LIKE HER.
AH! FINALLY!
WHAT? WHAT HAPPENED?
WE HIT SOMETHING?
Woman on TV: Ryan,
people said I was crazy,
but crazy people take
chances on love.
- Kiss me.
- ( stammers )
YOU'RE RUINING A GREAT
FRIENDSHIP, JULIA.
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE NEVER GONNA BE
ABLE TO WORK TOGETHER AGAIN.
- ROMANTIC COMEDIES SUCK.
- ( knocking )
GO AWAY! I'VE GOT A
VICIOUS DOG IN HERE!
( barks )
HEY, MEL.
AUSTIN, WHAT ARE YOU...?
LET ME GET THROUGH THIS, 'CAUSE
I PRACTICED THE WHOLE WAY HERE.
- ( sighs )
- ( door closes )
I WANT YOU TO GIVE
ME ANOTHER CHANCE.
I WANT YOU IN MY LIFE.
AND I WANT US TO HAVE
A FAMILY TOGETHER.
BUT I THOUGHT YOU
NEVER WANTED KIDS.
THAT'S WHY YOU HAD
THAT VASECTOMY.
AND NOW I'M READY TO REVERSE IT.
I COULDN'T FIND A GREETING
CARD TO SAY THAT,
SO... I CAME HERE
TO TELL YOU MYSELF.
WOW. THAT AND FLOWERS.
OH, I'M SO EXCITED.
I CAN SEE THE BIG
SMILE ON HER FACE.
OKAY, I'M GONNA GO IN.
YEAH, YOU SHOULD DO
THIS BY YOURSELF.
RYDER AND I WILL PRETEND
TO UNLOAD THE CAR.
BUT WE ARE UNLOADING THE CAR.
YES, AND LET'S DO IT
VERY VERY SLOWLY.
- GOOD LUCK.
- ( chuckles ) THANKS.
- MEL.
- JOE.
AUSTIN?